DOC: Refactoring f2py user guide (#20559)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/f2py/f2py.getting-started.rst

Wrapping Fortran or C functions to Python using F2PY consists of the
following steps:

* Creating the so-called :doc:`signature file <signature-file>` that contains
  descriptions of wrappers to Fortran or C functions, also called the signatures
  of the functions. For Fortran routines, F2PY can create an initial signature
  file by scanning Fortran source codes and tracking all relevant information
  needed to create wrapper functions.

  * Optionally, F2PY-created signature files can be edited to optimize wrapper

>     functions, to make them "smarter" and more "Pythonic".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    functions, which can make them "smarter" and more "Pythonic".
```

  python -m numpy.f2py -c fib1.f -m fib1

or, alternatively, if the ``f2py`` command-line tool is available,

::

>   f2py -c fib1.f -m fib1

Reviewer: Perhaps a note on Windows and the ``python -m numpy.f2py`` throughout?
